README.md, before:

# OpenJam2019
Code for open jam 2019 - Theme: "The Future"

Phaser 3.19.0 Open Jam 2018 project, built upon: https://github.com/Sidaroth/Phaser3.Boilerplate </br>
Documentation for Phaser: https://photonstorm.github.io/phaser3-docs/index.html </br>
Itch.io: https://garlov.itch.io/asteroid-capitalist

## Description

<b>Controls: Use WASD/Arrow keys to move the ship, and the mouse to aim and fire.</b>

Our solar system has been emptied of valuable minerals, and venture capitalists have hired every available space mining company to travel across the galaxy and find valuable resources. 

This has sparked a lawless war in the outer edges of our galaxy. You are the sole solicitor of one of these mining companies and have to survive your trip back to our solar system.

Can you fight through the waves of enemies to bring some extra cash home?
Comment your scores below!

### Team
Our team for the jam consisted of 2 people.

##### Programming and Game Design
 - [Sidaroth](https://github.com/sidaroth)
 - [Garlov](https://github.com/garlov)

 ### Tools
-   [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
-   [Phaser 3.19](https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser)
-   [Audacity 2.3.2](https://www.audacityteam.org/)
- Git (of course)

### Requirements to build/host
-   Node.js and NPM

### How to use
1. Clone the repository
2. Copy into a new folder/repository
3. npm install
4. npm start

### Contribute
If you want to contribute to the project, any pull requests are very much welcome! If you have any ideas for additional features, improvements or have found any bugs feel free to open an issue and we'll get to it as soon as time allows.

### Attributions
Music (CC-0):
- [Zombies March by yd](https://opengameart.org/content/zombies-march)

Sound Effects (CC-3)
- [Explosion by unfa](https://freesound.org/people/unfa/sounds/352143/)

Sound Effects (CC-0)
- [Sirens by aquinn](https://opengameart.org/content/sirens-and-alarm-noise)
- [Powerups by Joth](https://opengameart.org/content/7-space-sounds)

Sprites, Backgrounds, Fonts and Sound Effects (CC0 1.0)
- [Misc by Kenney.nl](https://kenney.nl)

Commit message:

Updated game/story descripion to fix some typos and sentence structure etc.

README.md, after:

# OpenJam2019
Code for open jam 2019 - Theme: "The Future"

Phaser 3.19.0 Open Jam 2018 project, built upon: https://github.com/Sidaroth/Phaser3.Boilerplate </br>
Documentation for Phaser: https://photonstorm.github.io/phaser3-docs/index.html </br>
Itch.io: https://garlov.itch.io/asteroid-capitalist

## Description

<b>Controls: Use WASD/Arrow keys to move the ship, and the mouse to aim and fire.</b>

Our solar system has been emptied of valueable minerals, and resources are getting scarce. Venture capitalists have hired every available space mining company to travel across the galaxy and find resources.

This hunt for profit has sparked a lawless war in the outer edges of our galaxy. You are the sole solicitor of one of these mining companies and have to survive your trip back to our solar system. The company is willing to pay a bounty for every opposing company ship you encounter and take out.

### Team
Our team for the jam consisted of 2 people.

##### Programming and Game Design
 - [Sidaroth](https://github.com/sidaroth)
 - [Garlov](https://github.com/garlov)

 ### Tools
-   [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
-   [Phaser 3.19](https://github.com/photonstorm/phaser)
-   [Audacity 2.3.2](https://www.audacityteam.org/)
- Git (of course)

### Requirements to build/host
-   Node.js and NPM

### How to use
1. Clone the repository
2. Copy into a new folder/repository
3. npm install
4. npm start

### Contribute
If you want to contribute to the project, any pull requests are very much welcome! If you have any ideas for additional features, improvements or have found any bugs feel free to open an issue and we'll get to it as soon as time allows.

### Attributions
Music (CC-0):
- [Zombies March by yd](https://opengameart.org/content/zombies-march)

Sound Effects (CC-3)
- [Explosion by unfa](https://freesound.org/people/unfa/sounds/352143/)

Sound Effects (CC-0)
- [Sirens by aquinn](https://opengameart.org/content/sirens-and-alarm-noise)
- [Powerups by Joth](https://opengameart.org/content/7-space-sounds)

Sprites, Backgrounds, Fonts and Sound Effects (CC0 1.0)
- [Misc by Kenney.nl](https://kenney.nl)
